0.  BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion
	GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors
	JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million
	PNG: 24 bit, 16 million
	
1.  GIF

2.  With loseless compression, when uncompressing a file, all the bits that the file contains in its original state can be 
    completely restored without any lose of data.
    
    With lossy compression, when the file is uncompressed, a part (some bits) of the original information is lost (or deleted).
    
3.  JPEG

4.  When a file is deleted on a FAT file system the system erases the file's FAT files, but the actual file remains in the hard 
    drive.
    
5.  In order to ensure that the deleted files cannot be recovered, the disk where the files are stored must be sanetized by 
    filling every addressable block of the disk with zeroes (ASCII NUL bytes).
    
6.  stdint.h is a header file in the C standar library that defines sets of integral type aliases with specific width requirements,
    along with corresponding sets of macros. It also defines macro functions that specify limits of integer types to create values 
    of these types in other header files.
    
7.  Using these types we clarify that we want to use unsigned or signed integers (depending on the existence of the character u)
    that have a specific amount of bits, regardless of what the type with as much bits is on the system.
    
8.  Assuming that we work on a 32-bit system the following applies:
    BYTE is 1 byte
    DWORD is 4 bytes
    LONG is 4 bytes
    WORD is 2 bytes
    
9.  The first two bytes of any BMP file must be a WORD which in ASCII encoding  the characters BM (0x42 0x4D in hexadecimal). This 
    WORD denotes the bfType, which specifies the file type.
    
10. bfSize specifies the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file
    biSize specifies the number of bytes required by the structure.
    
11. If biHeight is negative the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.

12. The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of bits that define each pixel (i.e. color depth) 
    and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.
    
13. fopen might return NULL in case that the file that we are trying to create cannot be created or because we do not have the right 
    permissions in order to create this file.
    
14. The third argument in fread indicates how many units of sizeof() data must be read from the function. In this case, the data 
    that is read is the BITMAPFILEHEADER, which is a structure, so in order to read all the data types that are included in 
    BITMAPFILEHEADER the function must read this structure only once, as shown by the third argument in each case the fread function 
    is called.
    
15. bi.biWidth defines the width of the bitmap (scanline), in pixels. In every case, the bytes in a scanline must be multiple of 4, 
    so padding is needed in the case that bi.biWidth is 3 because 3 (pixels of bi.biWidth) * 3 (bytes per pixel) = 9 bytes.
    By doing the math padding must be 3 [4 - (3 * 3) % 4) % 4 = 3].
    
16. The fseek function sets the file position indicator of the pointer (stream) to a specific place in the file, as is indicated by 
    the offset.
    
17. If whence, the position from which the file position indicator will be moved depending on the value of the offset, is set to
    SEEK_CUR then the offset is added from the current position of the file pointer (the offset is relative to the start of the 
    file).
    
18. Rick Astley
